Add Quality Declarations and READMEs for each package (#39)
ros2/rosidl_typesupport_fastrtps: fastrtps_cmake_module/QUALITY_DECLARATION.md

# `fastrtps_cmake_module` Quality Declaration

The package `fastrtps_cmake_module` claims to be in the **Quality Level 4** category.

Below are the rationales, notes, and caveats for this claim, organized by each requirement listed in the [Package Requirements for Quality Level 4 in REP-2004](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2004.html).

## Version Policy [1]

### Version Scheme [1.i]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` uses `semver` according to the recommendation for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#versioning).

### Version Stability [1.ii]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` is not yet at a stable version, i.e. `>= 1.0.0`.

### Public API Declaration [1.iii]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` does not provide any public API of its own.

### API Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.iv]/[1.vi]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` does not provide its own API and therefore API stability will not be impacted by changes.

### ABI Stability Within a Released ROS Distribution [1.v]/[1.vi]

> `fastrtps_cmake_module` does not contain any c or c++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fastrtps_cmake_module` does not contain any C or C++ code, therefore changes will not affect ABI stability.
```

Author: Done.

## Change Control Process [2]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` follows the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#package-requirements).

### Change Requests [2.i]

All changes will occur through a pull request, check [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#change-control-process) for additional information.

### Contributor Origin [2.ii]

This package uses DCO as its confirmation of contributor origin policy. More information can be found in [CONTRIBUTING](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Peer Review Policy [2.iii]

Following the recommended guidelines for ROS Core packages, all pull requests must have at least 1 peer review.

### Continuous Integration [2.iv]

> All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull request must pass CI on all [tier 1 platforms](https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2000.html#support-tiers).
```

Author: Fixed.

### Documentation Policy [2.v]

All pull requests must resolve related documentation changes before merging.

## Documentation [3]

### Feature Documentation [3.i]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` does not currently have its own features.

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` does not have a public API and therefore does not require API documentation.

### License [3.iii]

The license for `fastrtps_cmake_module` is Apache 2.0, the type is declared in the [package.xml](package.xml) manifest file, and a full copy of the license is in the [LICENSE](../LICENSE) file.

There are no source files in this package and therefore linters do not check for a license statement.

### Copyright Statements [3.iv]

> The copyright holders each provide a statement of copyright in each source code file in `rcpputils`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The copyright holders each provide a statement of copyright in each source code file in `fastrtps_cmake_module`.
```

Author: Oh my! Fixed.

There is an automated test which runs a linter that ensures each file has at least one copyright statement.

The results of the test can be found [here](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/fastrtps_cmake_module/copyright/).

## Testing [4]

`fastrtps_cmake_module` is a package providing solely CMake files and therefore does not require tests and has no coverage or performance requirements.

### Linters and Static Analysis [4.v]

> `rmw` uses and passes all the standard linters and static analysis tools for a CMake package as described in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#linters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fastrtps_cmake_module` uses and passes all the standard linters and static analysis tools for a CMake package as described in the [ROS 2 Developer Guide](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Contributing/Developer-Guide/#linters).
```

Author: Fixed.
